fix ExceptionPrettyPrinter custom formatter support (#724)
hynek/structlog: CHANGELOG.md

- Support for Python 3.14 and Python 3.13.4.
  [#723](https://github.com/hynek/structlog/pull/723)

### Fixed

> - `structlog.processors.ExceptionPrettyPrinter` now uses *exception_formatter* instead of the default formatter if passed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

- `structlog.processors.ExceptionPrettyPrinter` now respects the *exception_formatter* arguments instead of always using the default formatter.
```
